.TH MUDRAW 1 "March 31, 2015"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" no hyphenation
.nh
.\" adjust left
.ad l

.SH NAME
mudraw \- render PDF/XPS/CBZ/EPUB documents

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mudraw
.RI [ options ]
.RI file
.RI [ pages]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mudraw
will render a document of a supported document format to image files,
convert to another vector format, or extract the text content.

The supported input document formats are: pdf, xps, cbz, and epub.

The supported output image formats are: pbm, pgm, ppm, pam, png, tga, pwg, and pcl.
The supported output vector formats are: svg, pdf, and debug trace (as xml).
The supported output text formats are: plain text, html, and structured text (as xml).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-p password
Use the specified password if the file is encrypted.
.TP
.B \-o output
The output format is inferred from the output file name.
Embed %d in the name to indicate the page number (for example: "page%d.png").
Printf modifiers are supported, for example "%03d".
If no output is specified, the output will go to stdout.
.TP
.B \-F format
Enforce a specific output format. Use this when outputting to stdout.
.TP
.B \-R angle
Rotate clockwise by given number of degrees.
.TP
.B \-r resolution
Render the page at the specified resolution.
The default resolution is 72 dpi.
.TP
.B \-w width
Render the page at the specified width (or, if the -r flag is used,
render with a maximum width).
.TP
.B \-h height
Render the page at the specified height (or, if the -r flag is used,
render with a maximum height).
.TP
.B \-f
Fit exactly; ignore the aspect ratio when matching specified width/heights.
.TP
.B \-W width
Page width in points for EPUB layout.
.TP
.B \-H height
Page height in points for EPUB layout.
.TP
.B \-S size
Font size in points for EPUB layout.
.TP
.B \-c colorspace
Render in the specified colorspace.
Supported colorspaces are: mono, gray, grayalpha, rgb, rgbalpha, cmyk, cmykalpha.
Some abbreviations are allowed: m, g, ga, rgba, cmyka.
The default is chosen based on the output format.
.TP
.B -G gamma
Apply gamma correction.
Some typical values are 0.7 or 1.4 to thin or darken text rendering.
.TP
.B -I
Invert colors.
.TP
.B \-s [mft5]
Show various bits of information:
memory use,
features,
timings, and/or
md5 checksum.
.TP
.B \-A bits
Specify how many bits of anti-aliasing to use. The default is 8.
.TP
.B \-D
Disable use of display lists. May cause slowdowns, but should reduce
the amount of memory used.
.B \-i
Ignore errors.
.TP
.B pages
Comma separated list of page numbers and ranges (for example: 1,5,10-15).
If no pages are specified, then all pages will be rendered.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mupdf (1),
.BR mutool (1).

.SH AUTHOR
MuPDF is Copyright 2006-2015 Artifex Software, Inc.
